[Processor] [Python runtime][Docs] Split drain and termination flows (#3079)
nuclio/nuclio: docs/reference/runtimes/python/python-reference.md

That way, you can build your function once, deploy it as much as desired, 
without being needed to volumize the function configuration upon each deployment.

## Termination callback

As of now, this feature is exclusively supported in the Python runtime. It enables the definition of a termination callback within user code through the following:
```py
context.platform.set_drain_termination(callback)  # where 'callback' is a user-defined function
```

> Termination callback is triggered by processor when processor is about to exit. 

Reviewer: Termination callback is triggered by the processor when it is about to exit. 
The termination callback facilitates a graceful shutdown.

> Termination callback is triggered by processor when processor is about to stop working. 

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Termination callback is triggered by processor when processor is about to exit. 
```
